hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm going to show
you a science fiction film series
beneath the Planet of the Apes the
time-displaced astronaut Taylor rides
horseback with his girl Nova through the
desert of the Forbidden Zone in search
of a new life far away from the ape
community who seems to fear approaching
the Forbidden Zone
they keep wandering in the desert until
a big firewall shoots up from the ground
and deep chasms open
taylor intends to investigates the magic
but soon disappears through a cliff wall
before Nova's eyes everything changes
back to normal soon Noba could not
believe what she saw she has to keep her
search alone
elsewhere in the zone Brent survives a
deadly crash of a second earth spaceship
which was sent to search for Taylor and
his crew while noting that he is in the
year 3000 955 Brent assumes he has
traveled to another planet still under
the confusion he encounters the
wandering Nova and notices she is
wearing Taylor's tags he then rides with
her to search for Taylor they come to a
jungle where Brent is so shocked to see
the ape civilization that the first time
where the gorilla general is planning to
conquer the Forbidden Zone and use it as
a potential food source Brent smells the
danger from the gorilla soldiers and
rushes nuovo away but Nova later leads
Brent to the ape psychologist couple
Brent tells the shocking couple that he
has to find Taylor back and takes
Taylor's spaceship back to the earth at
that time Brent's made no in this planet
only the ape evolves to speak of humans
instead our staying at the primitive
stage
Brent and Nova later continue their
journey to find Taylor but they happen
to come upon the ape soldiers and get
chased after tightly they managed to
hide inside an abandoned cave where -
Brent shot he finds a subway station and
even a new york post he realizes finally
he's traveled through time to Earth's
future they follow the subway tunnel to
the ruins of the Queensboro Plaza
following a humming sound rent begins to
hear voices telling him to kill Nova he
could not help but do the same
Nova struggles to free herself only
finds that Brent has led forcibly into
the remains of st. Patrick's Cathedral
where he finds a population of
telepathic humans who are mutated with
ability of mind-control they also
worship an ancient nuclear bomb they're
actually humans who survive nuclear bomb
and mutated over generations while
knowing the Apes are marching for The
Forbidden Zone they attempt to repel the
invaders with illusions of fire and
other Horrors but ultimately failed when
the Apes see through it with the Apes
breaking in the mutants plan to detonate
their divine bomb as a last resort brent
is then taken to a cell where he finds
Taylor but there soon controlled by the
mutant to fight each other
nonetheless under the screaming of Nova
Brent and Taylor are set free from the
mind-control and kill the mutant guard
unfortunately on their way out Nova is
shot dead by the Apes no time to grieve
the dead Nova Brent rushes Taylor to
stop the nuclear bomb plan which would
destroy the entire planet
so they hurry back to the Cathedral
which has been taken over by the Apes
the mutant leader threatens them with a
divine bomb but he gets ignored and shot
dead immediately without knowing what
gadget it is the eight general tries to
push the bomb button Brent tries hard to
distract their attention while Taylor
intends to defuse the bomb unfortunately
Taylor is spotted out and gunned down
the dying Taylor begs the Apes to shut
down the bomb while in despair of Brent
being shot dead and his pleas fallen on
deaf ears the collapse Taylor brings his
hand down on the switch and triggers the
bomb finally this is Daniel CC movie
review by